Shooting, shooting, sorry,
I didn't mean that, that,
It's okay, I'm not alive anymore,
You don’t have to live, Dad, don’t forget,
Kill, don't leave, don't be angry,
The recovery from ugliness, stinginess,
It won’t happen again,
Dad, can you please tell me?
Don't forget, dad, you didn't forget,
You didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't
Forgot, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget,
You didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't forget, you didn't
Forgot, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you didn’t forget, you weren’t forget you
It's not that you forgot, you're not
Come and have a good chat
I talked to Jie Wa and you guys are going crazy on the Internet next to me.
It's really over
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Talking to me
Don't even think about it becoming a dead weather
If that happens, I will choose to die